Kim Lip: Today is her birthday and..
Kim Lip: fist MV filming day.
JinSoul: And also the day which her first teaser image was released
Kim Lip: She was so pretty in the picture
JinSoul: MV filming is a totally new experience for me
JinSoul: So I'm feeling nervous, excited, and my heart is dribbling(?)...
JimSoul: Oh my gosh... I said 'dribbling'
JinSoul: My heart is fluttering now
JinSoul: That's how I feel
JinSoul: I'll do my best today!
Kim Lip: Do your best, JinSoul! Cheer up!
(Their hearts flutter as they're heading over to the set for MV)
Kim Lip: Wow... This place is so cool...
JinSoul: A water tank?
Kim Lip: I heard that JinSoul will go in here and film the MV
JinSoul: Because my representative animal is a fish.
Kim Lip: You are a real live mermaid, right?
JinSoul: But... the mermaid is trapped in this water tank.
(The water thank scene in the MV is more beautiful than they thought!)
JinSoul: Well, we'll come back after putting on make up.
JinSoul: See you